Add PriorityLevel node selector (#9329)
smartcontractkit/chainlink: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## [dev]
### Added
- Add a new field called `Order` (range from 1 to 100) to `EVM.Nodes` that is used for the `PriorityLevel` node selector and also as a tie-breaker for `HighestHead` and `TotalDifficulty`. `Order` levels are considered in ascending order. If not defined it will default to `Order = 100` (last level).
- Added new node selection mode called `PriorityLevel` for EVM, it is a tiered round-robin in ascending order of the`Order` field. Example:
```
[EVM.NodePool]
SelectionMode = 'PriorityLevel'
- New settings Evm.GasEstimator.LimitJobType.OCR2, OCR2.DefaultTransactionQueueDepth, OCR2.SimulateTransactions for OCR2
  jobs. These replace the settings Evm.GasEstimator.LimitJobType.OCR, OCR.DefaultTransactionQueueDepth, and OCR.SimulateTransaction

>   for OCR2.

Reviewer: bad merge?

Author: Yeah, fixed now

- Experimental support of runtime process isolation for Solana data feeds. Requires plugin binaries to be installed and
  configured via the env vars `CL_SOLANA_CMD` and `CL_MEDIAN_CMD`. See [plugins/README.md](../plugins/README.md).

> - Add a new field called`Priority` to `EVM.Nodes` that is used for the `PriorityLevel` node selector and also as a tie-breaker for `HighestHead` and `TotalDifficulty`. Lower number means higher priority. If priority is not defined it will default to `0` (highest priority).
> - Added new node selection mode called `PriorityLevel` for EVM, it is a tiered round-robin where the highest priority is favored. Example:

Reviewer: Maybe avoid the ambiguous words 'lowest' and `highest`? :shrug: 
```suggestion
- Add a new field called`Priority` to `EVM.Nodes` that is used for the `PriorityLevel` node selector and also as a tie-breaker for `HighestHead` and `TotalDifficulty`. `Priority` levels are considered in ascending order. If not defined it will default to `Priority = 0` (first level).
- Added new node selection mode called `PriorityLevel` for EVM, it is a tiered round-robin in ascending order of `Priority`. Example:
```

Author: Updated in [`b6c1131` (#9329)](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/pull/9329/commits/b6c113165da19531378dc8e005a5bf85524253a6)
